Add and remove status
Using the buttons on the main window,
or use the key combinations Ctrl+Q (prepend), Ctrl+A (add later), Ctrl+D (delete)
Add or remove ports
Using the buttons on the main window,
or use the key combinations Shift+Q (prepend), Shift+A (add after), Shift+D (delete)
Increase or decrease the brightness of the gate
Use the F2 (decrease) and F3 (increase) keys or use the mouse wheel in combination with holding the Ctrl key.
Invert port state
Use the spacebar or double-click the left mouse button.
Adjust the duration of the state
Use the F5 (decrease) and F6 (increase) keys or adjust the value in the status time display box
side.
Copy the brightness of a cell or an area
Select the area to copy by holding down the left mouse button and moving the mouse to delineate the area and then release the mouse.
You will see a yellow border if the selected area is more than 1 cell, red if it is 1 cell.
Press the “Copy selected area” button on the main window or use Ctrl+C.
Select the area to be pasted by holding down the left mouse button and moving the mouse to delineate the area and then release the mouse button.
You will see a yellow border if the selected area is more than 1 cell, red if it is 1 cell.
Press the “Paste over selected area” button on the main window or use Ctrl+V.
Use soft port
Right-click each cell to switch from soft port to normal port and vice versa.
Create a loop
Move the red box towards the first state of the process to be looped.
Press the add loop button { on the main window or use Ctrl+L (start loop).
Select the “Repeat count” edit box in the main window and adjust the number of iterations.
Move the red box towards the final state of the process to be looped.
Press the add loop button } on the main window or use Ctrl+E (end loop)

SYNCHRONIZING CIRCUITS TOGETHER
Synchronization helps connect circuits together to create multi-board effects running at the same time
(decorating large spaces), running in order (writing calligraphy),...
Synchronous signal transmission
Use Shift+T
Then the program will add a state. In this state, the circuit will emit a signal
synchronization signal sent to the circuits connected after it. This state lasts 0 seconds.
Wait for the sync signal
Use Shift+N

Then the program will add a state.
The program running to this state will stop and wait to receive the synchronization signal from another circuit
send to. When the sync signal is received, the circuit will continue to run the next states.
The sample examples are prepared and placed in the Examples folder of the Ledimm Pro program